Improve changesets for tree errors (#21940)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/weak-swans-take.md

---
"fluid-framework": minor
"@fluidframework/tree": minor
---

Improved error reporting

> Several cases invalid usage patterns for tree APIs have gained improved error reporting, as well as improved documentation on the APIs detailing what usage is supported.
> These improvements include:
> 
> -   Unsupported usages of schema classes: using more than one schema class derived from a single SchemaFactor generated base class. This use to hit internal asserts, but now has a descriptive user facing UsageError.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several cases of invalid usage patterns for tree APIs have gained improved error reporting, as well as improved documentation on the APIs detailing what usage is supported.
These improvements include:

-   Unsupported usages of schema classes: using more than one schema class derived from a single SchemaFactory generated base class. This used to hit internal asserts, but now has a descriptive user-facing UsageError.
```
